Long and Short Run Marginal (#352)
Green-Software-Foundation/sci: Software_Carbon_Intensity/Software_Carbon_Intensity_Specification.md

#### Location-based marginal carbon intensity

> The carbon intensity of electricity is a measure of how much carbon (CO2eq) emissions are produced per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity consumed. Because this specification uses a consequential approach, marginal emissions rates shall be used for electricity consumption. The marginal emissions employed should consider short-run and long run effects when evaluating software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The carbon intensity of electricity measures how much carbon (CO2eq) emissions are produced per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity consumed. Because this specification uses a consequential approach, marginal emissions rates shall be used for electricity consumption. The marginal emissions employed should consider short-run and long-run effects when evaluating software.
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestions to crispen the language.

Author: I think that a discussion of the different signals (short run and long run) and potential proxies would be great in the guidance document. This could include potential sources as well as a discussion of relevant signals.

Reviewer: Cool! Ok that sounds good to have it in the discussion document. If you want to go ahead and accept the "suggested change" via the "Commit suggestion" button, in the meantime, I can approve the PR (conditional of course on SWG acceptance tomorrow).
